g n i z i l a u t p e c n o c
t b e w m h r c r o a l m g o
h d p c i y r o s u l l i g o
u g i s c w c w d k l w t k w
n k s t n e m r e f e r p c s
d u s t j n t u o g g u o v a
e f s j v i s d m l o o p c m
r n r d t s s c p a r t g f p
s w m e u p k o d d i v n m y
t v j t h m p u i b e f i t d
r k r a t t k n y j s p v a y
o r y k y y a t l m r v r w f
k t d i s t c e j n i y a c j
e o d d o u t d r y d i t t a
e i k r e h s i l b a t s e g

breather           starving
counted            pimp
sinewy             befit
injects            establisher
illusory           allegories
thunderstroke      preferments
conceptualizing    coordinator
issue
